Let's review what we've just learned in the section we learned that Diffie Hellman key exchange provides
for us a way to share a shared secret and arrive at a symmetric key so that we have two computers who
are able to talk to one another.
So we were able to talk to our Digital Ocean Linux server and we also used hashing to make sure that
the messages are in tampered with and that there's no funny business.
Finally we had to authenticate the user in two ways we could either provide a password to say hey we
are who we are and we have the right to access the server or we could do something like RSA which again
allows us to provide or allows us to prove the identity of the person or we could use SSH keys and
something called RSA which allows us to prove the identity of the person without a password.
So you see now how these four steps using those three technologies the symmetric encryption asymmetric
encryption and hashing are able to combine all of these together to make sure that we can communicate
securely.
We now have a way for us to connect the client to the host and do all sorts of exciting things that
will encounter later on in the course.
And the beauty is that you now understand how GitHub works.
We're the client.
We have a laptop and we want to connect to GitHub which is a host of remote host and GitHub is just
a server that holds our code and they're able to have multiple SSH keys on their server to make sure
that they allow access to the right person.
So if you own the repo and you can prove that you own the report get help well get how we'll hold that
SSH for you and we'll verify every time you make and get comments.
And finally using all the technologies we've used we're able to keep away bad men who want to peek into
our traffic.
So it's finally the end of the day on our first day at Keiko Corp. Bruno, the eccentric that he is, is
very very excited to get you on board it and he's very impressed that you've got all your get help.
SSH keys sorted so that you're ready for tomorrow.
I have a feeling that he's going to be asking a lot of us but I think we got this.
I'll see in the next one.
Buh-bye.